 I have read about 10 volumes of Mahabharata, you are it. Mahabharata, Mahabharata, Mahabhata, and discusses of what is righteousness in the life. Where there is righteousness in the heart, there is a beauty in the character. That's what Mahabharata says, Bhavatila says. There is a righteous in the heart, there is a beauty in the character. Repeat it with me, where there is righteousness in the heart, there is beauty in the character. When there is beauty in the character, there is harmony in the home. When there is harmony in the home, there is ordination. Ordination. When there is ordination, there is peace in the world. There is one character which I love in Mahabharata, one character. Anyone of you can guess? Arjun? No. No. There is one character which I love in Mahabharata. One character. Anyone of you can guess? Arjun? No. No. Dharma? No. No. No. Vidur. Vidur is man of righteousness. But he is not afraid of me. What I can say, authority. What is right only will top? Why don't you tell us what is your vision of India being a developed country? What do you understand by India being a developed country? And how do we get there? Yeah. It is a good question, yes, post. Friends, it is like this. What I visualize is next to five years. That is by the year. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. I want to see. Twenty. Twenty. You have to have economically developed nation. We have three hundred million people below 40 like that means in five years time. You have to live them up. That is, that made me have to generate the employment potential. Okay? That is why I have proposed a visionary thought that is what is called Fura. Fura means providing urban amenities in the rural area. We have in our country 600,000 villages. How many villages? 600,000 villages. There are 70% of our people live there. 700 million people live there. How do we bring prosperity up to our village with that? That is your physical connectivity. Your digital electronic connectivity. Your digital knowledge, your digital knowledge connectivity. You give physical, electronic knowledge connectivity so that economic connectivity and the employment generation will come. What do you say? Absolutely. All of your books have this quality of the community. The quality of optimism, inspiration. You talk about various successful examples where there have been successes in India. So why don't you tell us a little bit about those also. What makes you so optimistic about India? Well, I have a... No. I have a teacher. Okay? That teacher's name is Professor Satish Dhaban. And also he was my boss. Okay? He was the chairman Indian Space Services organization. I was... he gave me a program. He said, Kalaam, I am going to give you a program. Water, money, you ask? Whatever strength... People you want, human power. Whatever authority you want, I will get you stands for the cabinet. But you should give me in seven years' time. Your rocket system that will put a satellite in the orbit. That's the job we have given you. I found it. So, with job for me? Because there are a lot of people in my establishment, senior to me with a lot of experience. High qualification, can I do? Can I do? I had I doubted. Then, for Satish Dhaban, gave me an advice. All of you going to repeat that advice. He said, any work you do, repeat it to me? There will be. Always. Some problems. Come, Krampap. But, problem should not be your captain. You should become the captain of the problem. And defeat the problem. I am sexy. If I was a president, I can you. You are all the power. Because if you see the constitution, I have read the complete constitution. First, six months I finished constitution. When I joined, I found that guy, President Guy, yes, you are poor. For example, I can go anywhere, anywhere, any one of the villagers and talk about that you must have a vision. And clean up all the water bodies. All the water bodies, you clean up. Connect all water bodies. You are a president, you are a suggestion to the government. And suggest to the people and you are a vision. I gave the vision India 2020 vision. Whenever the president in the parliament. 10 times I address. 15, I have somebody say address India 2020, and I am poor. So, present full of can do the job. Next question. Yes. Okay. You mentioned Edison. So, let me extract joy out about your thoughts on entrepreneurship. How do we create entrepreneurship in the country? See, entrepreneurship is a very good question. Hey, hey, fantastic question. You see, entrepreneurs, they are not a new crop. Okay. The problem today, I visualize, can I talk about my visual usage? That is the reason we are here. Okay. My visualization of education is education. There are two types of education. Second education, 10 plus one, 10 plus two. Okay. Second education. Up to 10 plus two. And then call a education. Now, I am pushing an idea. The idea is 9 plus 10 plus 11 plus 12 plus You reduce the 25% of syllabus. You reduce the 25% of regular syllabus. And then introduce professional courses. Yes, skill training. Skill training. So, when the student comes out of the school, 10, high school, he comes to two certificates. One is that is qualified 10 plus two. Another certificate has got a skill certificate. Imagine. Okay. He is employable. Same thing for college as there also, he studies four years. I have graduation. I am saying you reduce one year. Make it three year course. One year gives up. He expertise. He expertise. So, you will come with the degree and the diploma of expertise. Okay. You have a question. Yes. Get up. When you talk about skill development programs. So, now and we see the so much of capitalization over everything. Though we have institutions of skill development. But with so much of constraint and with the government, with the President, the majority in governments. Very difficult for the MSMEs, the small scale industry. With children like us to give a vision to our dreams. There are a lot of constraints. Is the question about a vision for MSME? Yeah. Okay. So, what are your thoughts on medium and small enterprise? Medium and small enterprise? Medium. Small enterprises. Small enterprises, I believe. Very important. Say, I suggest in the when the colleges and schools. They must use a training. How you become three, four guys to join. When they come out, back should help them. Back should help them. That is the bankers should help them. Investment investment. So, that in the small small industries, millions, millions will come out. So, I wish you, that's why I am saying, skill, import the skill in the secondary education. The expert in the higher education, they become employable. With the capacity that I will become a entrepreneur. Instead of job seekers, employment seekers. Now, 10 plus 2, 7 million people are coming every year. That means they are employment seekers most of them. We need employment generators. If you become an entrepreneur, if you become an employment generator, which is possible. You've talked about entrepreneurship. You've talked about education skills. Let me now ask you about your suggestions for improving health outcomes. Now, friends, health is very important. Health is very important. But, won't you? The starts from the Farjabal, my brother. My brother in Ramishra, he's 98 in January, became 98. 98 years. Now, he told me he gave me advice because I am a integrality. That is, I don't follow the right time, back first lunch dinner. He called me on his 90. January, became 98. I went to see him. My brother addressed me. You are a 83 follow-up. You want to compete with me 98. You have to follow 3 things. Number 1, walk, walk, walk. He did in his, in his younger age. We had a lot of cooking atries. So, he used to walk, minimum 10-kilometer every day, walk, walk, walk. Second one, he did regular time. He used to even now, 8 o'clock in the morning. One o'clock lunch. And then dinner, 8-13, and sleep 9 o'clock. But I can't afford to do that. But I want to tell you all of you, regular eating. And regular exercise. And good feeling. What is a good feeling? I tell you what is a good feeling. You know, you take a child. Can I explain? You take a child. You take a teenager. You take an adult. And you take a leader. You create a situation. Child says you give me. Okay? A situation. We show you a product. Child says you give me. The teenager said, don't disturb me. I can do myself. Don't disturb. Most of you in that class. Third one, grown up. He will say, let us work together. Whereas, the leadership fellow, leadership fellow, leadership fellow, leadership fellow, say, what I can do. Child said, you give. The leader said, what I can do. We follow. So all of you, you take a vow today. Today you take a vow today, evening. Repeat with me, what I can do. What I can do. What I can do. What the opposite of it. What the opposite of it? What can I? They are all that trouble we are going through because of what can I take. Karabhtrin starts what can I take. I will say, you may ask some questions. Yes? Yes fellow, go ahead. You fund a US when I am 23. What I would do? Fantastic question. Twenty three, when I was a 23, I took a, I had a dream that I would become pilot. I would become pilot. So I studied, you are not a engineering. I went to your force for pilot. I said, okay, they did not select me. Okay? Out of ten fellows, I was a ten fellow. I selected below. Nice, he's only there, I lost it, okay? But when I became the president, I became the supreme commander. I told the chief, I told the chief for the rest. I want to learn flying. He said, I am going to do training. He trained me for six months, then I flew a USU-30. He said, yes, dream, repeat with me, dream, dream, dream, transform into thoughts, thoughts, result into action. The hell, I have a, I have a dream, I hope, okay. In a tree, he's called Arjuna tree. You know, have you heard about Arjuna tree? Hundreds, seven years. By tree, I'm living in a house, 10 Rajas, Yumaar. Hundreds and seven years old tree. That tree, every day I go for a morning walk, one hour, okay? Then I go near the tree. That tree sometime I use a tree. Only one purpose you lived hundreds, seven years. What is the purpose? The tree told me, one day, oh, your father lived hundreds and three years. Your mother lived in Nigeria here. So you all lived, but I want to know. I have reached out to me, I have reached an appointment, I have reached an appointment. Then I want to go to the great tree in my home, in my home. There, I, I finally, when I asked the tree, what is the purpose of your life? And they, now you question, call up, the tree says Arjuna tree says. Now you question, call up, what is my mission? I asked the tree, tell me what is your mission. I will ask you all the information of the mission. And the mission of hundreds years of my life. You said, what the mission of hundreds of my life. My mission, the tree says, the tree says, remember what I'm saying. My poem, my mission, I enjoy giving water all I have. I share flavor. I share honey. And you are bored for hundreds of birds and I give it to you. So I remain young and happy all this. I will, repeat with me, I will fly and fly. I'm born, I'm born with potential. I am born with goodness. Good, the interest. I'm born with ideas and dreams. I'm born with greatness. I'm born with confidence. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. After that, I don't think we should prolong it anymore. I have had often very, very difficult tasks as a moderator. This has not only been an honour. This has been the easiest task of a moderator I've ever confronted in my life. Thanks to Dr Abdul Kalam.